do not
It is sad to see your face no
ground
the smile
but no
for all
at risk
in your life itself
who wrote to hand us
but no
m
in my life in my life
the students
and today
yes
but yes no
the eyes
and the stage of dreams doctor
he stands up
for this
here
I did not have the production and well guardadito
a difficult night I must admit it if
it's worth a little bit this I would like to dedicate
tonight to all the artists but in
special to several paquito with a lot
sweetie
at the time of moving forward thank you
thanks to that he seizes me I want to read
a huge applause interest
wanted with us in big one of
the best guitarists in our country
not to say the best thank you for avoiding
the facts will not accompany our
dear daniel was daniel's student in
this moment this is like listening to your
teacher
but of course in addition to this song for
my
not only for me I have said several
times that best guitarist in
South America
my teacher because that song is what
means to me the song thanks to
paula how did you feel the presentation of
Daniel left the microphone room
driver and he sang incredible
that feeling even to touch on
this scenario I am waiting for you and
many congratulations made us
happen
to live I saw you with an excited smile
with this we could definitely say
Anabel, this is part of the story
rock music of this country and these
two gentlemen are an institution
on behalf of the production of this
Russian public I have to tell you something
I said to him every day you go to
answer for me on facebook because
the people please anabel is your friend
tell him to sing in the program a lot
people I wanted to hear you thank you for your
stage
good thanks to music we can
defend ourselves for a moment but the
competition must continue
paquita la del barrio luis miguel y
Shakira sang tonight and now
let's wait for the result the jury
already made a decision and you will know who
is the last one removed before the
semifinal of me my name was taught us